Add workaround script to save and restore nicknames (#550)
DFHack/scripts: docs/fix/restore-nicks.rst

fix/restore-nicks
=================

.. dfhack-tool::

>     :summary: Workaround for the v50.x bug where Dwarf Fortress occasionally erase Dwarf's nicknames.

Reviewer: This is too long. How about:
`Restore nicknames when DF loses them`.

    :tags: fort bugfix units

> Units occasionally lose their nicknames, in event such as killing a forgotten beast.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to a bug, units occasionally lose their nicknames, such as when killing a forgotten beast.
```

`fix/restore-nicks` will save the nicknames of the units once an in-game day, and restore any removed
nickname.

.. note::

>     It does not make the difference between a nickname removed by the player or by a bug, so
>     it will also prevent to remove the nickname of a dwarf.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    It does not distinguish between a nickname removed by the player or by a bug. If you want
    to remove a dwarf's nickname, please run ``fix/restore-nicks forget`` to reset the tracking.
```

Usage
-----

``enable fix/restore-nicks``

>     Enable saving and restoring of the nicknames daily.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Enable daily restoring and saving of the nicknames.
```

Reviewer: I know in the code you actually save first, and it looks like correct behavior, but if you say saving first here it might  imply that the data is overwritten before being read, losing the nickname history. This isn't true, but it could be confusing for players.

Author: Yep, I can see how it could be confusing

``disable fix/restore-nicks``

>     Disable saving and restoring the nicknames daily.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Disable the daily check.
```

``fix/restore-nicks now``

>     Save and restore the nicknames once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Immediately restore lost nicknames. Note for this to work, ``fix/restore-nicks`` must have
    already been enabled when the dwarf lost their nickname.
```
